---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "ndfc_network Data Source - terraform-provider-ndfc"
subcategory: "Fabric"
description: |-
  This data source can read a Network.
---

# ndfc_network (Data Source)

This data source can read a Network.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "ndfc_network" "example" {
  fabric_name  = "CML"
  network_name = "NET1"
  dhcp_relay_servers = [{
  }]
  attachments = [{
  }]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `fabric_name` (String) The name of the fabric
- `network_name` (String) The name of the network

### Read-Only

- `arp_suppression` (Boolean) ARP suppression is only supported if SVI is present when Layer-2-Only is not enabled. NX-OS Specific
- `attachments` (Attributes Set) A list of attachments (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--attachments))
- `dhcp_relay_loopback_id` (Number) Loopback ID for DHCP Relay interface
- `dhcp_relay_servers` (Attributes List) List of DHCP relay servers (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--dhcp_relay_servers))
- `display_name` (String) Customized name of the network. By default, it will be same as the network name
- `gateway_ipv4_address` (String) Gateway IPv4 address, for example `192.0.2.1/24`
- `gateway_ipv6_address` (String) Gateway IPv6 addresses, for example `2001:db8::1/64,2001:db9::1/64`
- `id` (String) The id of the object
- `ingress_replication` (Boolean) Ingress replication flag
- `interface_description` (String) Interface description
- `l3_gatway_border` (Boolean) Enable L3 Gateway on Border
- `layer2_only` (Boolean) Layer-2 only flag
- `loopback_routing_tag` (Number) Loopback routing tag
- `mtu` (Number) Interface MTU
- `multicast_group` (String) Multicast group address
- `netflow` (Boolean) Netflow is supported only if it is enabled on fabric. For NX-OS only
- `network_extension_template` (String) The name of the network extension template. Applicable to Switch(es) with role Border
- `network_id` (Number) VNI ID of the network
- `network_template` (String) The name of the network template
- `route_target_both` (Boolean) L2 VNI Route-Target Both Enable
- `secondary_gateway_1` (String) Secondary gateway 1
- `secondary_gateway_2` (String) Secondary gateway 2
- `secondary_gateway_3` (String) Secondary gateway 3
- `secondary_gateway_4` (String) Secondary gateway 4
- `svi_netflow_monitor` (String) Applicable only if 'Layer 2 Only' is not enabled. Provide monitor name defined in fabric setting for Layer 3 Record. For NX-OS only
- `trm` (Boolean) Enable Tenant Routed Multicast
- `vlan_id` (Number) VLAN ID
- `vlan_name` (String) VLAN name
- `vlan_netflow_monitor` (String) Provide monitor name defined in fabric setting for Layer 3 Record. For NX-OS only
- `vrf_name` (String) The name of the vrf

<a id="nestedatt--attachments"></a>
### Nested Schema for `attachments`

Read-Only:

- `attach_switch_ports` (String) Comma separated list of attached switchports
- `detach_switch_ports` (String) Comma separated list of detached switchports
- `freeform_config` (String) This field covers any configuration not included in overlay templates which is needed as part of this VRF attachment
- `serial_number` (String) Serial number of switch to attach
- `vlan_id` (Number) Override VLAN ID. `-1` to use VLAN ID defined at VRF level


<a id="nestedatt--dhcp_relay_servers"></a>
### Nested Schema for `dhcp_relay_servers`

Read-Only:

- `address` (String) Server IP V4 Address
- `vrf` (String) If management vrf, enter 'management'. If default/global vrf, enter 'default'.
